Someutsushi editing (by Meera) (#56)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_004.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200015", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「————」",

> 			NULL, "\"————\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: This would be a pretty far-reaching change, since the stand-alone ellipsis is used a TON in the console arcs. Since it's not really part of the translated Higurashi style, I'm not sure I'd recommend this.

Author: Yeah, we'll revert this. Using ellipsis is consistent throughout Higurashi - both official arcs and console arcs so we should keep it that way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"B-but about the other day!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100378", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　こ、この前のセンターで会ったのはその、アルバイトじゃなくって、",

> 			NULL, " W-when I met you at the care and welfare center, it wasn't a part-time job,", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: Expanding to "care and welfare center" might make the dialogue seem a bit less naturalistic here. They've only met at one center, after all, so the context is pretty clear. (And the original, so far as I can read, also limits itself to something along the lines of "Before, when I met you at the center...")

> 			NULL, " W-when I met you at the care and welfare center, it wasn't a part-time job,", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, " W-when I met you at the center, it wasn't a part-time job,", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r自分でも制御不可能なほど支離滅裂な早口をまくし立てて、あまつさえ私は弁明というよりも、後ろめたい気持ちを打ち消したくてただ、夢中で言葉を羅列してゆく。だけど、
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "自分でも制御不可能なほど支離滅裂な早口をまくし立てて、あまつさえ私は弁明というよりも、後ろめたい気持ちを打ち消したくてただ、夢中で言葉を羅列してゆく。だけど、",

> 			NULL, "I rambled on incoherently, unable to control the flow of my words. I wasn't trying to be defensive, I just wanted to get over my guilty conscience so I kept sputtering. However,", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I rambled on incoherently, unable to control the flow of my words. I wasn't trying to be defensive. I just wanted to get over my guilty conscience so I kept sputtering. However,", Line_Normal);
```
Tiny comma splice. Would normally advise a semicolon, but it's not part of Higurashi style — so a period instead. :)

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200016", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「————」",

> 			NULL, "\"————\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: See note on line #2634

> 			NULL, "\"————\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS04/36/310100381.「……っ…」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100381", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……っ…」",
			NULL, "\"......uh...\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれを、…藤堂くんは不思議そうに見つめている。その真っ直ぐな眼差しに、私は懸命に自分の言葉を押さえ込んで、再び口をつぐんだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それを、…藤堂くんは不思議そうに見つめている。その真っ直ぐな眼差しに、私は懸命に自分の言葉を押さえ込んで、再び口をつぐんだ。",
			NULL, "After that, Toudou-kun gave me a strange look. Upon seeing his honest expression, I earnestly made an effort to reign my words in and closed my mouth.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rまるで、…魔法だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まるで、…魔法だ。",

> 			NULL, "It was almosy... magical.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It was almost... magical.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200017", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……うん」",

> 			NULL, "\"......Okay.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: Another far-reaching change, but one worth looking into. The console arc translations tend to use the incorrect lowercase "ok" instead of "OK" or "okay." I've left it alone so far, since it's a bit of an editing style thing, but would recommend "okay" as Meera suggests above. **Note: This would have to be changed in all console arc scripts.**

Author: @Darbury do you remember how this is in main arcs?

Reviewer: Chapters 1-8 use "okay" throughout.

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200022", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「——？！」",

> 			NULL, "\"——?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: See note on line #2634

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...?!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rたまらず呪縛から逃れるように、私は慌てて教室を出て行こうと踵を返す。——と、その私の手を、どういうわけか藤堂くんがぎゅっ、と掴んだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "たまらず呪縛から逃れるように、私は慌てて教室を出て行こうと踵を返す。——と、その私の手を、どういうわけか藤堂くんがぎゅっ、と掴んだ。",

> 			NULL, "Trying to escape from this enchanting spell, I quickly turned on my heel to leave the classroom. ...And then for some reason, Toudou-kun grasped my hand, and held it tightly.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Trying to escape from this enchanting spell, I quickly turned on my heel to leave the classroom. ...And then for some reason, Toudou-kun grasped my hand and held it tightly.", Line_Normal);
```

//r私は胸の中であふれかえるような熱い気持ちを、懸命に押さえ込む。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私は胸の中であふれかえるような熱い気持ちを、懸命に押さえ込む。",
			NULL, "I desperately suppressed the warmth overflowing from within my chest.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rこの想いを、伝えたい。…でも、本当に伝えてもいいんだろうか？　いきなり言って、驚かせたりしないだろうか…？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "この想いを、伝えたい。…でも、本当に伝えてもいいんだろうか？　いきなり言って、驚かせたりしないだろうか…？",
			NULL, "I wanted to tell him how I felt. ...But, could I really tell him? Won't I give him a bad shock if I tell him out of the blue...?", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r私は深く息を吸い込むと、勇気を振り絞って藤堂くんを見上げる。…けど、やっぱり言葉が出てこない。当たり前のことを言うだけなのに、どうしてこんなに難しいんだろう…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私は深く息を吸い込むと、勇気を振り絞って藤堂くんを見上げる。…けど、やっぱり言葉が出てこない。当たり前のことを言うだけなのに、どうしてこんなに難しいんだろう…。",

> 			NULL, "I took a deep breath, and summoning my courage, I looked up at Toudou-kun. ...But the words still wouldn't come out. Why was it so difficult to say something so obvious...?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I took a deep breath and, summoning my courage, I looked up at Toudou-kun. ...But the words still wouldn't come out. Why was it so difficult to say something so obvious...?", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

	DrawScene("background/ng_kyo_01", 1000 );

//r——そんなふうに、また気持ちが沈みかけたその時。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "——そんなふうに、また気持ちが沈みかけたその時。",

> 			NULL, "...And just like that, right when my feelings began to subside,", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...And just like that, right when my feelings began to subside.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200035", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「転校してきた時から…。",
			NULL, "\"Ever since you transferred here...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200036", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "ずっと気になってた…」",
			NULL, " You were always on my mind...\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS04/36/310100405.「————」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100405", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「————」",

> 			NULL, "\"————\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: See note on line #2634

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r誰もいなくなったみたいに、ガランとした空間。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "誰もいなくなったみたいに、ガランとした空間。",
			NULL, "It became an empty space, like everyone else had disappeared.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r私の目に映るのは、……ただ、藤堂くん一人だけ…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私の目に映るのは、……ただ、藤堂くん一人だけ…。",

> 			NULL, "In my eyes, all I could see...... was nobody else but Toudou-kun...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In my eyes, all I could see...... was Toudou-kun. No one else...", Line_Normal);
```
Seeing a negative — "all I could see was nobody" — can make for an awkward sentence. Suggestion tries to clear that up.

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200040", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…それで、できれば公由にも、",
			NULL, "\"...And so, if it's possible,", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s04/39/310200041", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "その…好きになってもらえたらって…」",

> 			NULL, " Uh... I want you to say you love me too...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " uh... I want you to say you love me too...\"", Line_Normal);
```
Previous line ends with a comma rather than a period or ellipsis, so next line needs to start with a lowercase letter.

//r藤堂くんも緊張しているのか、そわそわと髪をかき上げたり腕を組んでは、私の答えを待ち侘びている。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "藤堂くんも緊張しているのか、そわそわと髪をかき上げたり腕を組んでは、私の答えを待ち侘びている。",

> 			NULL, "Toudou-kun was becoming uneasy, he nervously ran his fingers through his hair and folded his arms, impatiently waiting for my answer.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Toudou-kun was becoming uneasy. He nervously ran his fingers through his hair and folded his arms, impatiently waiting for my answer.", Line_Normal);
```
Comma splice

//r私は、藤堂くんのことが好きで、…藤堂くんも私のことが、…好き…っ？　こんなにも奇跡みたいな偶然が私の元に訪れるとは思ってもみなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私は、藤堂くんのことが好きで、…藤堂くんも私のことが、…好き…っ？　こんなにも奇跡みたいな偶然が私の元に訪れるとは思ってもみなかった。",
			NULL, "I love Toudou-kun... And Toudou-kun... loves me too? This miraculous coincidence is something I would have never seen coming.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r生まれて初めての恋。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "生まれて初めての恋。",
			NULL, "It was the first love of my life.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rその相手が藤堂くんならば、私は怖がることなく足を踏み出せる。この恋を守り抜くためなら、私はきっとどんなことにも耐えられる…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その相手が藤堂くんならば、私は怖がることなく足を踏み出せる。この恋を守り抜くためなら、私はきっとどんなことにも耐えられる…。",

> 			NULL, "If it was Toudou-kun, I can step forward without fear. I'm sure I can withstand anything to protect this love...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "If it's Toudou-kun, I can step forward without fear. I'm sure I can withstand anything to protect this love...", Line_Normal);
```
Tense agreement with rest of sentence

//r教室の出口の影に、じっと佇む一つの影が見える。誰だろうと思って近づいていくと、…千紗登ちゃんがすっ、と姿を見せて、真っ直ぐ私に向き直った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "教室の出口の影に、じっと佇む一つの影が見える。誰だろうと思って近づいていくと、…千紗登ちゃんがすっ、と姿を見せて、真っ直ぐ私に向き直った。",

> 			NULL, "I could see a silhouette transfixed at the door to the classroom. As I approached thinking about who it could be ... I saw it was Chisato-chan, who swiftly turned around to face me.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I could see a silhouette transfixed at the door to the classroom. As I approached, thinking about who it could be ... I saw it was Chisato-chan, who swiftly turned around to face me.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300295", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「————」",

> 			NULL, "\"————\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: See note on line #2634

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r…でも、どうしてだろう。それをぎゅっ、と跡が残るくらいに握り締めながら、…千紗登ちゃんは心の奥底まで射抜くような視線で、私をじっと見つめていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…でも、どうしてだろう。それをぎゅっ、と跡が残るくらいに握り締めながら、…千紗登ちゃんは心の奥底まで射抜くような視線で、私をじっと見つめていた。",

> 			NULL, "...But, why? Chisato-chan was clutching bag so tightly it was crumpling... staring at me motionlessly with a gaze that pierced through my heart.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...But, why? Chisato-chan was clutching the bag so tightly it was crumpling... staring at me motionlessly with a gaze that pierced through my heart.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//千紗登rvS04/37/310300296.「…遅くなったね。kvS04/37/310300297.結構待った？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300296", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…遅くなったね。",
			NULL, "\"...I'm sorry I'm late.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300297", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "結構待った？」",
			NULL, " Did you wait a while?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS04/36/310100417.「う、ううん…」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100417", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「う、ううん…」",

> 			NULL, "\"N-No...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"N-no...\"", Line_Normal);
```
Another one of those far-reaching changes. Style for stammering throughout the console arcs (and, as far as I know, the main arcs) is initial cap followed by lowercase. If we change here, we'll need to change everywhere. Up to the team!

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300300", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「いたよね？」",
			NULL, "\"Wasn't there someone here?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS04/36/310100421.「…な、なんで…？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100421", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…な、なんで…？」",

> 			NULL, "\"...W-Why...?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: See note on line #3464

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...W-why...?\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " ...In here, earlier,", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300304", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…暁、いたでしょ…？！」",
			NULL, " ...It was Akira, right...?!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS04/36/310100422.「っ————」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100422", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「っ————」",

> 			NULL, "\"uh————\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Uh...\"", Line_Normal);
```
See note on line #2634. And since it's the start of a new thought — or the lack of one :) — "uh" should be "Uh"

//r笑っているはずなのに、…千紗登ちゃんの両手はギュッと握り締められ青白い血管が浮き上がっている。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "笑っているはずなのに、…千紗登ちゃんの両手はギュッと握り締められ青白い血管が浮き上がっている。",
			NULL, "Even though she should've been laughing... Chisato-chan's hands were clenched tightly as her pale blood vessels stood out.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//千紗登rvS04/37/310300307.「…こそこそこそこそ…。kvS04/37/310300308.なんで隠すの？kvS04/37/310300309.　ねぇ？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300307", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…こそこそこそこそ…。",

> 			NULL, "\"...Oh so secretive...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: Honestly? "Sneaky sneaky" has a bit more character here. "...Pretty sneaky..." would also work well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Sneaky sneaky...", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100423", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「べ、別に隠すなんて、なにもっ…」",

> 			NULL, "\"I-It's not like I have anything to hide...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I-it's not like I have anything to hide...\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rぶるぶると小刻みに震え続ける千紗登ちゃん。震えを押し殺そうと、更にギュッと両手を握り締める。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ぶるぶると小刻みに震え続ける千紗登ちゃん。震えを押し殺そうと、更にギュッと両手を握り締める。",

> 			NULL, "Chisato-chan's shoulders gradually continued to tremble intensely. She braced herself with both hands to ease the shaking.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Chisato-chan's shoulders continued to tremble more and more. She braced herself with both hands to ease the shaking.", Line_Normal);
```
Something can't continue gradually. (As much as I'd like it to sometimes...) Alternate phrasing suggested.

//r吐き捨てるように呟き、千紗登ちゃんは奥歯をかみ締めるように憤怒の表情を浮かべる。そしてきっ、と冷たい視線を私に向けた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "吐き捨てるように呟き、千紗登ちゃんは奥歯をかみ締めるように憤怒の表情を浮かべる。そしてきっ、と冷たい視線を私に向けた。",

> 			NULL, "As she spat those words muttering, Chisato-chan bit back hard on her teeth and gazed at me coldly.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "As she spat out those words, Chisato-chan bit back hard on her teeth and gazed at me coldly.", Line_Normal);
```
"Spat" and "mutter" aren't really compatible verbs. We should go with one or the other. Because sometimes the soul of translation is omission. :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "As she spat those words out, Chisato-chan tightly clenched her teeth and coldly gazed at me.", Line_Normal);
```

//r引きつったような、千紗登ちゃんの歪んだ笑顔。…わけもわからず私は足がすくんで、…震える手を机の上につき、倒れそうな身体を支え込んだ……。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "引きつったような、千紗登ちゃんの歪んだ笑顔。…わけもわからず私は足がすくんで、…震える手を机の上につき、倒れそうな身体を支え込んだ……。",

> 			NULL, "As if she was spasming, Chisato-chan's face warped into a smile. ...I couldn't understand, I was frozen... I put a trembling hand on the desk to keep myself from collapsing......", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "As if she was spasming, Chisato-chan's face warped into a smile. ...I couldn't understand. I was frozen... I put a trembling hand on the desk to keep myself from collapsing......", Line_Normal);
```
Comma splice

//rだけどひとしきり笑うと、千紗登ちゃんは表情と雰囲気を一変させる。そして私の身体をぎゅっ、と抱き締めてきた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "だけどひとしきり笑うと、千紗登ちゃんは表情と雰囲気を一変させる。そして私の身体をぎゅっ、と抱き締めてきた。",

> 			NULL, "However, after a bout of laughter, Chisato-chan's expression and mood take a heel-turn. She jumps on me hugging me tightly.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "However, after a bout of laughter, Chisato-chan's expression and mood took a heel-turn. She jumped on me, hugging me tightly.", Line_Normal);
```
The switch from past tense (in surrounding lines) to present for just this one line — it doesn't really work as well in English. Would recommend keeping in past tense.

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s04/36/310100448", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ちょ、ちょっと待ってよぉ！",

> 			NULL, "\"W-Wait a minute!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"W-wait a minute!", Line_WaitForInput);
```
